README.md, before:

# Project

From zero to FullStack - an unofficial course led by [Pedro Soares](https://github.com/pncsoares) with the aim of guiding and helping two friends to learn programming and become software developers.

# How To

This repository will help showing guidelines, development workflow and other useful documentation.

Find the documentation below 👇

| Topic | Notes | Documentation |
| -- | -- | -- |
| Configure Fork | A fast and friendly GIT client | [📄](./Documentation/configure-fork.md) |
| Sign GIT commits | The only possible way to prove that a commit is actually yours is by signing your GIT commits ✍️ | [📄](./Documentation/sign-git-commits.md) |
| Clone a repository | All projects start here | [📄](./Documentation/clone-repository.md) |
| Development workflow | Simple steps to help you developing like a master 👩‍💻 | [📄](./Documentation/development-workflow.md) |

# Contribution

Feel free to ask or create new guidelines in order to help us as a team! 🚀

# License

MIT

Commit message:

Add how to documentation to fix merge conflicts

README.md, after:

# Project

From zero to FullStack - an unofficial course led by [Pedro Soares](https://github.com/pncsoares) with the aim of guiding and helping two friends to learn programming and become software developers.

# How To

This repository will help showing guidelines, development workflow and other useful documentation.

Find the documentation below 👇

| Topic | Notes | Documentation |
| -- | -- | -- |
| Configure Fork | A fast and friendly GIT client | [📄](./Documentation/configure-fork.md) |
| Sign GIT commits | The only possible way to prove that a commit is actually yours is by signing your GIT commits ✍️ | [📄](./Documentation/sign-git-commits.md) |
| Clone a repository | All projects start here | [📄](./Documentation/clone-repository.md) |
| Development workflow | Simple steps to help you developing like a master 👩‍💻 | [📄](./Documentation/development-workflow.md) |
| Merge conflicts | Are you trying to create a Pull Request but a red warning message appear saying that you got conflicts into merging process?Consult the documentation and you will be able to fix this 💪 | [📄](./Documentation/merge-conflicts.md) |

# Contribution

Feel free to ask or create new guidelines in order to help us as a team! 🚀

# License

MIT
